Add "to-do's" in Fork section (#34)
msagansk/Augur.Guide: collections/_version2-english/9-fork/2-to-dos.md

{% assign glossary_finalized_market = glossary_path | append: '#Finalized_Market' %}

{% assign glossary_fork = glossary_path | append: '#Fork' %}
{% assign glossary_forking_market = glossary_path | append: '#Forking_Market' %}
{% assign glossary_forking_period = glossary_path | append: '#Forking_Period' %}
{% assign glossary_locked_universe = glossary_path | append: '#Locked_Universe' %}
{% assign glossary_losing_universe = glossary_path | append: '#Losing_Universe' %}
{% assign glossary_parent_universe = glossary_path | append: '#Parent_Universe' %}
{% assign glossary_reputation_token = glossary_path | append: '#Reputation_Token' %}
{% assign glossary_repv1 = glossary_path | append: '#REPv1' %}
{% assign glossary_repv2 = glossary_path | append: '#REPv2' %}
{% assign glossary_roi = glossary_path | append: '#ROI' %}
{% assign glossary_sibling_universe = glossary_path | append: '#Sibling_Universe' %}
{% assign glossary_winning_universe = glossary_path | append: '#Winning_Universe' %}

# To-do's
If you are a REP holder, there are some things you **MUST** do for a [fork]({{glossary_fork}}) to not lose your [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}).

## Before a fork starts

> REP holders have 2 things to do even before a [fork]({{glossary_fork}}) starts so that they don't lose the value of their [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}). One is to [convert REPv1 to REPv2](#convert-repv1-to-repv2) and the other is to [check monthly to see if a fork occurs](#check-monthly-to-see-if-a-fork-occurs).

Reviewer: You don't have to convert REPv1 to REPv2 before a fork *starts*, you just have to do it before the fork *ends*.

Author: I submitted a issue https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/issues/38 .

Author: The issue https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/issues/38 was closed, so I'm closing this conversation.

### Convert REPv1 to REPv2

> REPv1 holders **MUST** convert their [REPv1]({{glossary_repv1}}) to [REPv2]({{glossary_repv2}}). Because REP in the [parent universe]({{glossary_parent_universe}}) can be migrated to only its [child universe]({{glossary_child_universe}}).  (The name of REP version 1 is `REP` correctly, but to distinguish from version 2, we call it `REPv1` here.)

Reviewer: I recommend moving the comment about REPv1 being REP into the glossary definition of REPv1 rather than including it inline here.

Author: >I recommend moving the comment about REPv1 being REP into the glossary definition of REPv1 rather than including it inline here.

I will add the definition of `REPv1` to the glossary (https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/issues/37).
And the removal of that comment will be accomplished by committing [this suggestion](https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/pull/34#discussion_r557016088).

Author: The remaining task was saved as the issue https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/issues/37, so I'm closing this conversation.

> REPv1 holders **MUST** convert their [REPv1]({{glossary_repv1}}) to [REPv2]({{glossary_repv2}}). Because REP in the [parent universe]({{glossary_parent_universe}}) can be migrated to only its [child universe]({{glossary_child_universe}}).  (The name of REP version 1 is `REP` correctly, but to distinguish from version 2, we call it `REPv1` here.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REPv1 holders **MUST** convert their [REPv1]({{glossary_repv1}}) to [REPv2]({{glossary_repv2}}), because REP in the [parent universe]({{glossary_parent_universe}}) can be migrated to only its [child universe]({{glossary_child_universe}}) and once the fork is complete migration into a child universe is no longer possible!
```

Author: I fixed it by https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/pull/40.

The process of "checking in" just means open the [Augur UI]({{ "/" | absolute_url }}/{{page.collection}}/8-augur-ui.html) or ask around (Discord, Twitter, Reddit, etc.) and see if a fork is underway. If no fork is underway then you can go back to passively holding for a month until your next check in without risk of losing your REP.

Useful links for checking if a fork occurs are:
 - [Augur Discord server](https://discord.gg/guXC9Bd4)  ⭐*recommended*⭐
 - The [official Twitter account](https://twitter.com/augurproject)
 - The [official blog](https://augur.net/blog)
 - The subreddit [/r/Augur](https://www.reddit.com/r/Augur/)

## After starting a fork (60 days)
REP holders needs to pick a side and migrate their REP to the [child universe]({{glossary_child_universe}}) they believe aligns with reality within 60 days from starting a [fork]({{glossary_fork}}).

After 60 days from starting a fork, [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}) in the [parent universe]({{glossary_parent_universe}}) are [locked]({{glossary_locked_universe}}) and can not be migrated to the child universe permanently.

> However, the choice should be considered carefully, because migration is one-way; it cannot be reversed. REP cannot be sent from one [sibling universe]({{glossary_sibling_universe}}])to another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the choice should be considered carefully, because migration is one-way; it cannot be reversed. REP cannot be sent from one [sibling universe]({{glossary_sibling_universe}}]) to another.
```

Author: I fixed it by https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/pull/40.

### What if REP holders don't wish to join in the fork?

> They may sell their [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}) before the [fork]({{glossary_fork}}) is over, but beware that if many people exercise this strategy the price of REP may drop leading up to the fork and then rebound in the [winning universe]({{glossary_winning_universe}}) after the fork, this could be a costly strategy.

Reviewer: It may rebound in the **true** universe, which may or may not be the winning universe.

Author: I submitted an issue https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/issues/39 .

Author: I will replace `winning universe` with `truth universe` instead of `true universe`, because `truth universe` is used in the [basic-knowledge](https://crystalballbe.github.io/version2-english/9-fork/1-basic-knowledge.html#what-happens-to-the-child-universes).

Author: I fixed it by https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/pull/40.

### You receive 40% ROI by joining in the fork?

> Wether you receive 40% [ROI]({{glossary_roi}}) on your migrated [REP]({{glossary_reputation_token}}) by joining in the [fork]({{glossary_fork}} depends on when and where you migrate your REP. If you migrate your REP during the [forking period]({{glossary_forking_period}}) and the [child universe]({{glossary_child_universe}}) which you migrate it becomes [*winning universe*]({{glossary_winning_universe}}) , then you get 40% ROI on your migrated REP. If you migrate after the forking period, you may not get 40% ROI but you can migrate it without risk of migrating to [*losing universe*]({{glossary_losing_universe}}). Because the [final outcome]({{glossary_final_outcome}}) of the [forking market]({{glossary_forking_market}}) is fixed when the forking period ends.

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure this isn't true.  You only get 40% ROI for disputes.  Migrating your REP doesn't yield any return in v2 IIRC.  Also, you cannot migrate after the forking period at all, so you take a 100% loss in that scenario.  I'm guessing this was copied from v1 where things were different.

Author: > You only get 40% ROI for disputes. Migrating your REP doesn't yield any return in v2 IIRC

I thought migrating your REP during the forking period means taking part in the dispute of the forking market. (I used `the forking period` in the sense that the period between the start of a fork and the finalization of the forking market). 

> you cannot migrate after the forking period at all, so you take a 100% loss in that scenario.

Perhaps I don't understand what you're saying again, but I think `the forking period` has two meanings, which are sometimes confusing. I guess you use "the forking period" in the sense of the 60 days window, and I use it in the sense that the period between the start of a fork and the finalization of the forking market.
(We talked about this on Discord (https://discord.com/channels/378030344374583298/617739423920029779/760737699559768065))

I don't want `the forking period` to have multiple meanings, since it confuses. I want it to have only one meaning that the period between the start of a fork and the finalization of the forking market.

Or, if `the forking period` should mean the 60 days window, what should I call the period between the start of a fork and the finalization of the forking market?

> I'm guessing this was copied from v1 where things were different.

No, this was thought up by myself. (Though most of the rest of this part was copied from your comment which is pinned in Discord)

Reviewer: > I thought migrating your REP during the forking period means taking part in the dispute of the forking market. (I used the forking period in the sense that the period between the start of a fork and the finalization of the forking market).

No, you only get credit for "participating in a dispute" if you stake REP in dispute crowdsourcers leading up to the fork.

> I don't want the forking period to have multiple meanings, since it confuses. I want it to have only one meaning that the period between the start of a fork and the finalization of the forking market.

For me, the "forking period" is the 60 day window.  Early finalization of the forking market is "just an optimization" and probably worth a note in the document but I'm not sure we need to give a special name to the length of time between fork start and forking market finalization.

If you feel that intermediate period needs a name, I'm not sure what to call it, but I do think we should call fork start to fork end the "forking period".

Author: > No, you only get credit for "participating in a dispute" if you stake REP in dispute crowdsourcers leading up to the fork.

Oh, I see. I'm glad I noticed my misunderstanding. I will add this feature to the document. (The features of Augur that I wrote in the document without your confirmation are generally incorrect 😂)

> For me, the "forking period" is the 60 day window. Early finalization of the forking market is "just an optimization" and probably worth a note in the document but I'm not sure we need to give a special name to the length of time between fork start and forking market finalization.

I see. I regard "forking period" as ”60 day window” from now on. Because if you think so, other people (such as devs, and community members) use this word in the same meaning as you think.
But, as a result of this decision, the sentence in the whitepaper I fixed before👇 becomes incorrect... I decided to focus on Augur.Guide, so I do not fix it now. (I might fix it later.)
![20210115_01](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38453357/104671902-0cc9fa00-5722-11eb-961f-3659c96159a5.png)

About the name of the intermediate period, I just wanted to know if it had a name. Now I know it is not named, which means it is not necessary I think.

Author: I fixed it by PR https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/pull/42, so I'm closing this conversation.

> In other words, you must migirate your REP within 60 days after a fork starts, but it is not necessarily to migrate it during the forking period. The forking period ends when the forking market enters the [finalized state]({{glossary_finalized_market}}), it can take less than 60 days. While, the period which you can migrate your REP is always fixed 60 days.

Reviewer: This is also incorrect I believe.  There is just one forking period which is 60 days long.  It *is* possible to have the system finalize the fork prior to that if 51% of REP migrates during the fork, but that doesn't change the reward/penalty for people who migrate after that.

Author: As I mentioned [above](https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/pull/34#discussion_r557054969), if the meaning of `the forking period` is the period between the start of a fork and the finalization of the forking market, I think this sentence is correct.

Author: I fixed it by PR https://github.com/msagansk/Augur.Guide/pull/42, so I'm closing this conversation.
